DOC-907 Changes to snowflake_streaming output for exactly-once delivery (#155)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/outputs/snowflake_streaming.adoc

The maximum number of channels open at any time is determined by the value in the `max_in_flight` field. 

NOTE: There is a hard limit of 10,000 streams per table. If you need to use more than 10,000 streams, contact Snowflake support.

*Type*: `string`

```yml
# Examples

channel_prefix: channel-${HOST}
```

=== `channel_name`

The channel name to use when connecting to a Snowflake table. Duplicate channel names cause errors and prevent multiple instances of Redpanda Connect from writing at the same time, and so this field supports xref:configuration:interpolation.adoc#bloblang-queries[interpolation functions].

Redpanda Connect assumes that a message batch contains messages for a single channel, which means that interpolation is only executed on the first message in each batch. If your pipeline uses an input that is partitioned, such as an Apache Kafka topic, batch messages at the input level to make sure all messages are processed by the same channel.

You can specify either the `channel_name` or `channel_prefix`, but not both. If neither field is populated, this output creates a channel name based on a table's fully-qualified name, which results in a single stream per table.

> NOTE: There is a hard limit of 10,000 streams per table. If you need to use more than 10,000 streams, contact Snowflake support.

Author: Updated

*Type*: `string`

```yml
# Examples

channel_name: partition-${!@kafka_partition}
```

=== `offset_token`

The offset token to use for exactly-once delivery of data to a Snowflake table. This field supports xref:configuration:interpolation.adoc#bloblang-queries[interpolation functions].

This output assumes that messages within a batch are in increasing order by offset token. When data is sent on a channel, the offset token of each message in the batch is compared to the latest token processed by the channel. If the offset token is lexicographically less than the latest token, it's assumed the message is a duplicate and is dropped. Messages must be delivered to the output in order, otherwise they are processed as duplicates and dropped.

To avoid dropping retried messages if later messages have succeeded in the meantime, use a dead-letter queue to process failed messages. See the <<example-pipelines, Ingesting data exactly once from Redpanda>> example.

> NOTE: If you're using a numeric value as an offset token, pad the value so that it's lexicographically ordered in its string representation, since offset tokens are compared in string form. For more details, see the <<example-pipelines, Ingesting data exactly once from Redpanda>> example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you're using a numeric value as an offset token, pad the value so that it's lexicographically ordered in its string representation because offset tokens are compared in string form. For more details, see the <<example-pipelines, Ingesting data exactly once from Redpanda>> example.
```

Author: Updated

For more information about offset tokens, see https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-streaming-overview#offset-tokens[Snowflake Documentation^].

*Type*: `string`

```yml
# Examples

offset_token: offset-${!"%016X".format(@kafka_offset)}

offset_token: postgres-${!@lsn}
```

== Example pipelines

The following examples show you how to ingest, process, and write data to Snowflake from:

* A PostgreSQL table using change data capture (CDC)
* A Redpanda cluster
* A REST API that posts JSON payloads to a HTTP server

[tabs]
======
Write data exactly once to a Snowflake table using CDC::
+
--
Send data from a PostgreSQL table and write it to Snowflake exactly once using PostgreSQL logical replication.

This example includes some important features:

> * To make sure that a Snowflake streaming channel does not see older data and assume that it is already committed, the configuration sets a 45 second interval between message batches. This prevents a message batch from being sent while another batch is retried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To make sure that a Snowflake streaming channel does not assume that older data is already committed, the configuration sets a 45-second interval between message batches. This interval prevents a message batch from being sent while another batch is retried.
```

Author: Updated

```yaml
input:
  postgres_cdc:
    dsn: postgres://foouser:foopass@localhost:5432/foodb
    schema: "public"
    tables: ["my_pg_table"]
    # Use very large batches. Each batch is sent to Snowflake individually,
    # so to optimize query performance use as big files as there is memory for
    batching:
      count: 50000
      period: 45s
    # Set an interval between message batches to prevent multiple batches 
    # from being in flight at once
    checkpoint_limit: 1
output:
  snowflake_streaming:
    # Using the log sequence number makes sure data is only updated exactly once
    offset_token: "${!@lsn}"
    # Sending a single ordered log means you can only send one update
    # at a time and properly increment the offset_token
    # and use only a single channel.
    max_in_flight: 1
    account: "MYSNOW-ACCOUNT"
    user: MYUSER
    role: ACCOUNTADMIN
    database: "MYDATABASE"
    schema: "PUBLIC"
    table: "MY_PG_TABLE"
    private_key_file: "my/private/key.p8"
```
--
Ingest data exactly once from Redpanda::
+
--
Ingest data from Redpanda using consumer groups, decode the schema using the schema registry, then write the corresponding data into Snowflake.

> This examples includes some important features:

Author: Updated

* To create multiple Redpanda Connect streams to write to each output table, you need a unique channel prefix per stream. The `channel_prefix` field constructs a unique prefix for each stream using the host name.
* To prevent message failures from being retried and changing the order of delivered messages, a dead-letter queue processes them. For more details about message ordering, see the xref:components:inputs/redpanda_common.adoc#ordering[`redpanda_common` input] documentation.

NOTE: To do exactly-once data delivery, it's important that records are delivered in order to the output, and are correctly partitioned. Before you start, read the <<channel_name, `channel_name`>> and <<offset_token, `offset_token`>> field descriptions. Alternatively, remove the `offset_token` field to use Redpanda Connect's default at-least-once delivery model.

```yaml
input:
  redpanda_common:
    topics: ["my_topic_going_to_snow"]
    consumer_group: "redpanda_connect_to_snowflake"
    # Use very large batches. Each batch is sent to Snowflake individually,

>     # so to optimize query performance use as big files as there is memory for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # so to optimize query performance, use the largest file size that your memory allows
```

Author: Updated
